MR Serverless Follow Ups (#17231)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/serverless-cluster-management.md

1. In the **Usage this month** section of your cluster's [**Overview** page](cluster-overview-page.html), click **Estimate usage cost**.
1. Select a time frame in which your workload was active.

>     Your used [RUs](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units), used storage, and spend from the selected time frame will be shown along with your monthly cost estimate. The spend and cost estimate do not account for the [free resources](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#free-vs-paid-usage) granted to every organization, which you would have to use up before being charged.

Reviewer: Note that we don't issue free resources to credits organizations that were established through our Sales org.

>     Your used [RUs](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units), used storage, and spend from the selected time frame will be shown along with your monthly cost estimate. The spend and cost estimate do not account for the [free resources](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#free-vs-paid-usage) granted to every organization, which you would have to use up before being charged.

Author: Your monthly estimate might show 20M RUs, but you won't actually be charged because 50M RUs can be deducted from your invoice each month. So you can mentally subtract the free resources from your cost estimate, but you shouldn't actually set your resource limit any lower. If you set a 10M RU limit, that's all you can use, even though more RUs could have been used for free. Will think about this...

>     Your used [RUs](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units), used storage, and spend from the selected time frame will be shown along with your monthly cost estimate. The spend and cost estimate do not account for the [free resources](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#free-vs-paid-usage) granted to every organization, which you would have to use up before being charged.

Author: Is it more clear to say something like "this is the cost estimate before your monthly deduction is applied"?

>     Your used [RUs](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units), used storage, and spend from the selected time frame will be shown along with your monthly cost estimate. The spend and cost estimate do not account for the [free resources](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#free-vs-paid-usage) granted to each non-contract organization, which you would have to use up before being charged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Your used [RUs](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#request-units), used storage, and spend from the selected time frame will be shown along with your monthly cost estimate. The spend and cost estimate do not account for the [free resources](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#free-vs-paid-usage) granted to each non-contract organization, which you would have to use up before being charged.
```
Can you use a different noun than "spend", like "costs"? How about "The number of RUs used for queries and storage displays, along with your costs for the period."

## Edit your resource limits

> You can edit your [resource limits](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/glossary.html#resource-limits) from the **Overview** page. The change in your resource limits will affect current and upcoming billing cycles. See [Plan a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html) for more information on resource usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the **Overview** page, you can edit your [resource limits](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/glossary.html#resource-limits). Changes apply to the current and future billing cycles. For more details, refer to [Plan a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html).
```
